Ah, did I bother you?
Not really. No, actually.
If you have something to do with your aunt, I will leave first.
every year
In fact, I'm here to find you this time
i
It was the one I confessed to before.
I'm here to apologize to you, mom.
It's not your fault.
Schleyan is too good at acting
This is the jade bracelet for my dowry.
I'll give you an apology at that time.
That's too heavy for me to take
Here you go.
Say something
Just take it
Empress
This is what my mother specially left for her daughter-in-law
He gave it to you.
It represents any daughter-in-law of yours
Oh, really?
Thanks, Mom.
By the way, Auntie Nian Nian
I don't know why your grandma is leaving the mountain this time
But
According to her consistent dislike of our lineage
Sex will probably cause you trouble
You have to be careful.